{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Consolas;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red50\green98\blue178;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19380\viewh9900\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Group 7\
\
Credits: Andri \'de\'f3r Sveinbj\'f6rnsson\
	    Bj\'f6rg Arna Elfarsd\'f3ttir\
	    Fri\'f0rik \'dej\'e1lfi Stef\'e1nsson\
	    \'cdsabella \'ddr Finnsd\'f3ttir\
	    Margr\'e9t Krist\'edn Waage Bj\'f6rnsd\'f3ttir\
	    S\'f3ley \'c1sgeirsd\'f3ttir\
\
Open github: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/maggawaage/skil2/tree/master/Skil2"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 https://github.com/maggawaage/skil3}}\
\
To connect to the Db.sqlite, Mac users MAY need to add the database into the package contents of the project. Click right with mouse in QT creater of project and put the database into -> Contents -> MacOS and then copy database. Fortunately, Windows and Linux users don't need to do this .  \
\
To edit informations about persons or computers, user can double click on a specific person/computer, which enables the edit button. Then user can edit information and push the edit button when satisfied with the change. \
\
To add information about persons or computers, user should press the add button which gives them a new, fresh window which they can enter in.\
\
To delete informations about persons or computers, user should click on a specific person/computer, which enables the delete button and user can delete as they choose. \
\
To connect computers to a person, select a person from table and click connections. There will appear a new window and user can see which computers are connected to that specific person and can choose a computer to connect to the person if they choose. \
\
To connect person to a computer, select a computer from table and click connections. There will appear a new window and user can see which persons are connected to that specific computer and can choose a person to connect to the computer if they choose.\
\
To sort information user can press the column names about information and choose wether to let the information appear asc or desc for name and highest or lowest for numbers\
}